1.	What were the hardest features to implement? How did you approach these problems?
The hardest feature to implement for me was the carousel originally. It was completely new to me, and not a front-end feature I had done before. Luckily, I successfully implemented one in CP3 with the help of a recent-ish tutorial that utilized flex. This made life so much easier during the final project as I could use the same layout with minimal modifications to get the product I wanted. Cart was also on the difficult side as I kind of forgot how localstorage worked. But after reviewing the slides it was actually quite simple to implement. 
2.	What resources were most helpful to you (either provided by the course or found online)?
Slides and the one online guide that helped me figure out how to make a carousel (https://medium.com/@algopoint.ltd/how-to-create-a-slideshow-carousel-using-html-css-js-7ab0561b39b3). 
3.	Were there features you tried to implement and were unsuccessful? What were they and what part of the implementation stumped you?
There was one feature I actually just forgot I wanted to implement, and I think it really wouldn’t have been that difficult. It would be on the front page, where I wanted to implement a timed-scrolling of the two image carousel for the two logos. It’s not that difficult, I just forgot and ran out of time. 
4.	If you had another week to work on this project, what would you add to your store?
I would definitely implement purchasing and inventory count. It would involve an extra bit of tweaking the data file and some more Javascript to check inventory count. 
5.	What did you enjoy the most about this project? What was the most rewarding?
I did appreciate the freedom, and I got to play around with some front-end tricks like animation and gradient that I wanted to practice. Figuring out gradients was especially fun because aesthetically, I love gradients. The carousel was also great because it was super smooth. 
6.	Was the breakdown and checkpoints throughout the assignment helpful? Would you change how the assignment is broken down/what is due?
They were helpful. The proposal and checkpoint there helped me build a hefty foundation for the project, so the rest of the time was just building my API and writing my Javascript, which was a lot more involved than I had anticipated. Thankfully, because I had most of my static front-end done, it was well within my time budget. I wouldn’t change much about the breakdown – maybe the proposal should involve more front-end requirements so more involved backends don’t end up causing unfinished projects. 
7.	If you worked with a partner, how was the experience/workload distribution? Would you recommend this in the future?
I did not have a partner, and I did not mind not having a partner. It was good to practice front- and back-end. 
8.	What advice would you give to future students taking the course/implementing the Final Project?
Start early, and don’t get TOO ambitious. I thought my project wasn’t going to be that involved, but I severely underestimated how hefty my script.js was going to end up being. 
